feat(changelog): containers-added-new-cpu-tier-in-console 2025-05-15 (#4977)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/may2025/2025-05-15-containers-added-new-cpu-tier-in-console.mdx

---
title: New CPU tier in console
status: added
date: 2025-05-15
category: serverless
product: containers
---

> For more customisation, we added 2000 mVCPU value for Serverless Containers in the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have added the option to deploy a Serverless Container with 2000 mVCPU in the console, enhancing customization.
```
